[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
And so, with the upper dissolving, there's all the optograftages.
And meditating on that stage.
All that started from our mind, and now emerging back
to the mighty state, it all started from the nature
of the mind.
And now, let it back to its own soul.
Let that relax and liberate within that natural state
and meditate as long as you can.
And then dedicate the day.
And then again, for example, next stage
is in the various half of practice.
Again, we delight in the various half
and the receiving, reciting the mind in the same way
with the body, with all those brutal intentions,
and the resumability, resolve and meditate.
So that means every second of the practice,
united truly with Dzogchen meditation,
really is the arising energy of the Dzogchen,
or the nature of the mind.
The nature of the mind arising is narmakaya,
and the sambhokaya, all that said, introduced.
All those displays, what you visualize in meditate,
they are the emanation, the display of the sambhokaya.
Let that back to dissolve to the, again, the dharmakaya state.
And generally, they all not separate from each other.
You already mind will kind of see something distinct,
but actually they all said,
there's nothing any difference at all.
And they're relaxing in that natural state.
So known as then, perfectly balanced, union, all that.
Union and balance and inseparable,
that all means the balance, perfectly balanced,
not either side.
Side, every right side is not balanced.
Every left side is not balanced.
And that's what we call maintaining in the balance.
And I think when we write the hopes,
also, every leaning to the right side,
we will hope, unless you have asked for follow-up plays.
Unless you go, what's called the Prince of Luke.
Eh? Maybe you can lean in different directions.
We're going to stay.
Normal average person, we have to stay in the balance.
That's what every right side, you will fall.
Every left side, we will fall.
We have to stay right in the center.
And we like to write beautiful quotes
on the beautiful course of the world.
Incidentally, we don't end up
to going, what's called, falling to the 9-1-1.
[LAUGHTER]
[SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE]
And that is, again, as I said, many times
in the Dzogchen teaching, and we said a few times already,
and you already know this and nothing.
And one time, some of us said again,
that we can always focus on the Dzogchen rule
as negation status, no need, no need.
This is not needed for the Dzogchen vision,
that every star said, you become extreme.
That is then almost ending up to the nihilism status.
We're spoiling our practices.
That's repeatedly in the teaching series.
That is extreme.
And we are leading the right side or left side.
It's not in the center.
[SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE]
And therefore, then always this is.
Always say, united target both the Dzogchen meditation.
Inseparable.
We don't make choices, isn't that?
Separate choices.
And that is what it is.
As in the teaching series, and you all know,
that mind is empty, empty is mind.
Mind.
Although arising, like such as Sambokaya,
Nirmakaya is Dharmakaya.
Dharmakaya is Sambokaya and Nirmakaya.
They're not separate at all.
That is the reality level of the true magic.
Therefore, we should practice the same way.
And the emptiness is the opinions.
The opinions is the emptiness.
And the united target, that is our goal.
But again, in order to kind of like clear
away this regiment of duality, then we
can maybe put some chance of this,
like such as meditation on emptiness
or meditation on compassion.
We can do that.
But eventually, this whole union--
I mean, actually it's a union.
This only way, apply it as we need it,
need it in order to reduce and clear away
the disturbance of duality.
Techniques are slightly used in different ways.
But reality level, it is union.